feature: build target file names + release order (#16)
etclabscore/pristine: README.md

# Pristine

Pristine is an open source repository in its original condition.

> There are a lack of repositories to start from to build community driven open source projects. Pristine is a starting point, it follows a Documentation Driven Development approach, and can be used as a resource to augment existing documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pristine is a starting point, it follows a Documentation Driven Development approach, and can be used as a resource to augment existing documentation.
```

Not real keen personally on pointing to 'an absence of' here, since it's not mission critical for understanding what this project is about, and doesn't have backing data. (Or since there are [a lot of "boilerplate" repos](https://github.com/search?p=1&q=boilerplate+starter+repo&type=Repositories), speak to how this boilerplate differs).

## Documentation Driven Development

> There are many ways to drive open source development. Documenting the problem in the README gives a middle ground between technical and non-technical specifications. This allows organizing solutions to this challenge around community and documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many ways to drive open source development. Documenting the problem and an overview of the project's solution in the README gives a middle ground between technical and non-technical specifications. This allows organizing solutions to this challenge around approachable documentation.
```
